.. _2025.X:

2025.X
===============

Here you can find information about the 2025.X release of TEKSI wastewater

Main features
---------------

 - First version of TEKSI wastewater module for QGIS 3.40 LTR and initialized via the PostgreSQL Update Manager (PUM) and the TEKSI Module Management Tool (TMMT).
 Check the `installation guide <../installation-guide/index.html>`__ for more information on how to install TEKSI wastewater module via TMMT.

TODO : Add a screenshot of TMMT with TEKSI wastewater module.

 - Improved user interface for better usability and accessibility.

TODO add a screenshot of the new user interface.

 - New styles and symbology

TODO : add a screenshot of the new styles.

 - Extended translation support for french and german

 TODO : add a screenshot showing translated project for french and german.

 - Demo data initialization via TMMT.

TODO : Add a screenshot of the demo data initialization process via TMMT.

Installation 
----------------

 - As this release is published after the development of the TEKSI Module Management Tool plugin (TMMT), check the 
 `installation guide <../installation-guide/index.html>`__ for more information on how to install TEKSI wastewater module via TMMT.
TODO : adapt installation instructions.

Migration from 2024.X to 2025.X
---------------------------------

 - As this release introduces a new database structure, a migration from 2024.X to 2025.X is required.

A simple way to migrate your data is to export it from the 2024.X database in INTERLIS format and import it into a new 2025.X database.

TODO : Add a screenshot of the migration process.

In the future, TMMT will propose updates directly from the changelogs provided in the releases and should be able to handle upgrades with no migration required.

Bug fixes and performance improvements
-----------------------------------------

 - Various bug fixes for SWMM export
